In the circuit work, we visit several poor communities in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
One of the challenges we face here is security.
In these communities, there are a lot of conflicts and shootings between rival drug cartels,
and between gang members and the police.
It's common for us to see armed gang members when we're preaching.
And often they're taking drugs.
When we're visiting the congregations in these communities,
the brothers really take care of us and don't let us out of their sight.
They're always thinking about our safety because we're not locals,
and it's possible that some gang members may not like us being there.
Most of these communities have a lot of steps to walk up and down.
And many of our brothers have physical limitations.
However, just knowing that our brothers are always close by
gives us the strength to continue serving them in the circuit.
All of these acts of love, whether large or small,
really motivate us to keep working for Jehovah.
We owe a lot to the brothers and sisters
for helping us get through all of these situations.